oh man what a beautiful today too bad
about my exploding spine disease Dan
this video is sponsored by recon I just
found out that the rake on everyday e25
s are great for putting a pep in your
step
but I know you've been a little
lethargic these days but come on the
everyday e25 type great base look
stylish and they have a six hour
playtime so you can listen to tunes
while you do anything have you ever
thought what it would be like to sing
some every day a 25 see your device boom
so easy and if you want your own you can
go to buy rake on come slash the grumps
to get 15% off your own order it sounds
like half the price of other premium
wireless earbuds hey let's dance
together come on you're really missing
out Dan more music for me I guess
yeah oh that looks like a weird that is
like a beer weird
[Music]
welcome to power hey how's it going gosh
it's it's it's been a while I don't know
it has it has been a week as it usually
is yes we're still at my house because
the Backstreet Boys reunion tour is just
ravishing the world I mean it is one of
the most popular tours I've ever seen
and you got to be happy for them it's a
little bit of like a find things to do
around the house a serious of power
hours and one of the things we were
thinking about was Rorschach tests yeah
so it's easy to do a Rorschach test I
mean for those of you who don't know you
have a little piece of paper right so
you got bounced paper and then fold it
in half and then you put a little blot
of ink or whatever and then you push it
and then it becomes like this
symmetrical shape and then like
subconsciously your brain is supposed to
be like oh what's that so it's a
butterfly and then that says something
about you we're not going to bother to
do the deep dive of psychology to figure
out what it means we're just gonna look
at the pretty pictures and decide what
we think they are and additionally as I
just thought up because we're kind of
making this up as we go along we're
gonna take pictures of the the ones we
do and and you lovelies will have shared
some of your answers and we'll we'll put
up the most popular answers during this
show that didn't approve the it's too
late now I said it this can't be edited
all right
okay let's start it yes yeah go for it
you do the first one you choose your
colors we mixed up some delightful
colors so we should start with Suzy my
beautiful wife said who is behind the
camera right now she she said that
usually you start with black and then
you move on to colors I'll just do that
does this do the black and boo Boop and
this is so haha already looks like a
clown face it don't say that I saw some
guy on YouTube music to create more more
of a pattern pattern a designer like
shapes and stuff okay oops
open it up whoa boom what do you think
it looks like Daniel hold on I need to
see it too like turkey vultures like
about to kiss so like here the beaks and
these are their little turkey vulture
heads and I don't actually know if
that's what turkey votes just look like
but I see a man I see two like priests
facing each other and they have like
clown pants so maybe they're just clowns
and and they're and they're sort of like
doing this to each other you know I'm
saying like 25 anything was thought to
be five then they're like oh we do it
together that's a good one that is
interesting and this is what most of you
thought it was ding I'm assuming we have
an editor that can put that in right may
i yes that's right we should continue
your Jim yeah black I should start glad
yeah yeah then I have a color I guess
play that that looks cool it's like a
little sexy Christmas tree Chloe this is
wild how does anyone know what it means
but don't it's not we're not guessing
yet and now you gotta have the red okay
okay let's just go for it
oh that looks cool
holy crap what do you think I think it
looks like look at like an internal
diagram like those are lungs and then
that's like the shoulders of man and
then this is the womb of which holds the
children of man and woman and woman I
just thought it was cool because it was
the name of the movie what do you think
it looks like Daniel I think it looks
like a close-up of like an insect's face
but that might just be because I
recently saw the fly with Jeff Goldblum
or he's all like no spoilers yeah yeah
you know what
Turner towards the camera I think I like
a bull to like a bull's horns oh yeah
what did the good folks at home think
interesting I wish we could react to it
alright give me one give me one give me
the blue that little blue action my
favorite color a little bit us due to
co2 actually I believe that green is
aqua seafoam green at seafoam for sure
Daniel and the blue was cerulean okay
yeah I wanted to be like the beginning
of Bob Ross shows where it's like if you
want paint along here's what we'll be
using okay that looks really cool Wow
still enjoy it to me looks like coral
growing out of the sea floor and did I
ever tell you about our like five person
high five that we used to do I haven't
done this in a long time
we just be hanging out and then one of
my friends we do coral and then we'd all
have to do this and then one person
would be the stingray going over the top
oh I thought it was a turtle I could be
a turtle what do I see I saw like a
creature like with horns and and he's
kind of like um migratory great horn
some Magic the Gathering card
the most one-track minded dude I've ever
done in my life it's amazing
um yeah I see like a creature with horns
and I don't know he's like saying hi
like he's like but like he's like I
don't know dipped his hand in ink and so
it's all dripping down oh geez what do
you see lovelies here was the most
popular answer for some of them I don't
know how we're doing this
well let's try some purple whoops get a
little pop in there yeah that's a lie
that's a lot of herb yeah there you go
there's some Taylor perp drops
Oh yellow that's Paris compliment is it
really
I guess boy this is this is gonna be a
weird one of the pre goopy go for it's
gonna dry it oh that's way different
that looks like baltoy it's a Pokemon
where we go like a like a pelvis that
looks like a pelvic bone a pelvic bone
to you yeah to me it looks like some
kind of like religious Archangel thing
with cross legs and arms that are wing
like and out yeah what do you think it
looks like cool okay I want to get real
wild with this one but like it like I'm
like oh go and then let go and I'm gonna
go back to red give it a little bit and
then I'm gonna go blue dang and only
keep it over here oh I don't know over
here
foaming do you see it has become oh wow
that's straight up that's that's a skull
with like like deer horn and lake halo
that's straight up like the skull of
death right there
you know what do you see bro huh I don't
know what I see with that one that one
feels more like nature to me like it
feels like some sort of like cloud burst
or the top of a volcano exploding into
like beautiful colors bro I thought you
were the metalhead I am I don't like my
mother brain or something like yeah I
like tentacles coming down on the bottom
oh yeah now I can see like some sort of
facial thing yeah that's trippy what do
you see tell us in the comments okay
well you really just have to let fate
decide yeah oh very cool color design I
like this yeah this is the end of the
color spectrum that I really like so
simple yeah let's see what's one clean
[Music]
it's a little exciting I was like it's
like what is it gonna be cuz it's always
different every time
[Music]
what do you see I see a lot of things
actually first of all I see like like a
two-headed creature with like a tiny
like mouth with like little teeth it
yeah his little teeth down here too it's
like trying to eat on both sides and
then I see like another one of
like religious kind of with the gauged
ears and then like little little hands
like frog and it's got a big pants he
looks a little bit like Rob the Nintendo
thing to me like hop the rube yeah Rob
the robot like with his low outstretched
hands like a little et kind of thing
because he's got that squarish head up
here and there's two eyes and that
here's his little rollers they're so
different everyone they said he's gonna
all be Pokemon yeah what did you think
of that last one you I do one last one
I'm kind of into it yeah yeah I've been
having a good time to us all day full
black and white we've come full circle
just let fate decide whoa just like they
go for it whoa whoa that's 3w moth space
that's a moth space right there that's
100% like the face of a moth really
right it's terrifying
it's like am I always scary usually
beautiful and flowery oh yeah I can cook
I can't kind of say it like it looks
like Frank the rabbit from Donnie Darko
you know cuz terrifying I love it
he's got like a smile look at that he's
gonna smile Oh what did you think it was
the worst nightmare my dream this I
guarantee that's one of the entire set
oh man holy crud I love it
well we made some art today thank you
for joining us and I hope we hope we
hope you're all staying safe and happy
and healthy out there while the
Backstreet Boys just tear around the
countryside we know you're back alright
alright also grow a mustache if you can
it's fun and if you're dating someone it
doesn't matter what you look like
cuz they already like you and if you're
not dating anyone you're probably
probably can't get out there anyway to
date so it's the perfect time to grow a
terrible mustache you can FaceTime you
can zoom cyber
[Music]